fixed broken links, typos (#8783)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/intro/sdk-app-architecture.md

```

> [Tendermint](https://docs.tendermint.com/master/introduction/what-is-tendermint.html) is an application-agnostic engine that is responsible for handling the *networking* and *consensus* layers of a blockchain. In practice, this means that Tendermint is responsible for propagating and ordering transaction bytes. Tendermint Core relies on an eponymous Byzantine-Fault-Tolerant (BFT) algorithm to reach consensus on the order of transactions. 

Reviewer: We should try to use perma links. This way we avoid breaking links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tendermint](https://docs.tendermint.com/v0.34/introduction/what-is-tendermint.html) is an application-agnostic engine that is responsible for handling the *networking* and *consensus* layers of a blockchain. In practice, this means that Tendermint is responsible for propagating and ordering transaction bytes. Tendermint Core relies on an eponymous Byzantine-Fault-Tolerant (BFT) algorithm to reach consensus on the order of transactions. 
```

In this case we can use the latest release rendered
